readme: fix typos, outdated snippets, and language (#1076)
getkyo/kyo: README.md

### Local: Scoped Values

> The `Local` effect operates on top of `IO` and enables the definition of scoped values. This mechanism is typically used to store contextual information of a computation. For example, in request processing, locals can be used to store information about the user who initiated the request. This provides the power of ThreadLocals to effectful programs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Local` effect operates on top of `IO` and enables the definition of scoped values. This mechanism is typically used to store contextual information of a computation. For example, in request processing, locals can be used to store information about the user who initiated the request. This provides a functionality similar to `ThreadLocal`s but with a more flexible scoping to effectful programs.
```
